v9.0.0 (#13362)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: changelog.md

<a name="9.0.0"></a>
# 9.0.0 (2021-11-12)
[Full Changelog](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/compare/v8.6.0...v9.0.0)

We expect this release to ship in the DevTools of [Chrome 98](https://chromiumdash.appspot.com/schedule), and to PageSpeed Insights within 2 weeks.

## New Contributors

Thanks to our new contributors 👽🐷🐰🐯🐻! 

- Sergii Bondarenko @BR0kEN-
- Prerana Nawar @prerana1821

> ## Notable Changes

Author: I want to flesh this out.

* move to minimum Node 14 ([#13243](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13243))
* a11y: add relatedNodes to accessibility audits ([#13193](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13193))

### Removed Audits

* appcache-manifest: remove audit ([#13287](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13287))
* external-anchors-use-rel-noopener: remove audit ([#13298](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13298))
* remove the redirect pass and redirects-http audit ([#12643](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/12643))

> 

Reviewer: Breaking changes section, should we include everything on the list https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/issues/12614?

Config changes (https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/issues/12828) is not in that that issue but we should probably include it.

* translate newly added report strings ([#13308](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13308))
* group perf audits by details type ([#13241](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13241))
* sort audits by weight ([#13053](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13053))
* pwa: remove gauge alias ([#13269](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13269))
* flow: remove smooth scrolling ([#13317](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13317))
* flow: network throttling settings ([#13305](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13305))
* flow: use filmstrip thumbnail in navigation ([#13283](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13283))
* flow: fix report anchors ([#13233](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13233))
* flow: full page screenshot renderer ([#13276](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13276))
* flow: category tooltip highest impact ([#13230](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13230))
* flow: import lhr strings ([#13215](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13215))
* flow: i18n formatter ([#13190](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13190))

> * flow: mock styles ([#13220](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13220))

Reviewer: These boys can go in the FR section

## ⛏️👷 Fraggle Rock

  Support for auditing user flows ([#11313](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/issues/11313))

* fr: handle 0 throughput in timespan ([#13323](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13323))
* fr: clone default categories to avoid modification ([#13337](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/13337))
* fr: add timespan support to h2 ([#12814](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/pull/12814))

> ## Deps

Reviewer: Emojis for all of these like on https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/releases/tag/v8.0.0?

<a name="9.0.0"></a>
# 9.0.0 (2021-11-12)
[Full Changelog](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse/compare/v8.6.0...v9.0.0)

We expect this release to ship in the DevTools of [Chrome 98](https://chromiumdash.appspot.com/schedule), and to PageSpeed Insights within 2 weeks.

> See the [What's new in Lighthouse 9.0 blog post](https://web.dev/blog/lighthouse-9-0/). Continue for the changelog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [What's new in Lighthouse 9.0 blog post](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/lighthouse-9-0/). Continue for the changelog.
```
